add discovery tip partial in database guides (#43943)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/database-access/auto-discovery-tip.mdx

This guide shows how to register a single {{ dbType }} with your

> Teleport cluster. For a more scalable approach, learn how to setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport cluster. For a more scalable approach, learn how to set up
```
"Setup" is the noun form. "Set up" works similarly to "lie down," "stand up", etc.
